README.md, before:


# Tweeter Project by [Ying Dong](https://github.com/dongyingname)

## This is a tiny web app that is build to have basic functionality of tweeter:
- Users can post new tweets.
- The page will dynamically generate the new tweets above the older tweets.
- Newly submitted tweets will be POST to the mongo data base through Ajax, which prevents reloading the page while the user still looks at the content.

## Dependencies
- node.js
- Express
- body-parser
- nodemon
- chance
- md5
- mongoDB
## Getting Started
```
- $npm install to install all the dependencies.
```
```
- $npm run local 
```

- to run the web server

## Important:
- In order that the client properly access the mongoDB database the stored user data have to be separate objects which contain keys such as "_id", "user", and "content" and their values.
- If your database is one single object that contains 1 "_id" key-value pair and one big object of usersdata you need to modify the app.js to make it work.

### Screenshots
- ![Tweeter Page with the Tweets Composer](/screenshots/composer.png =100x20 )
- ![Tweeter Page with the Tweets Composer Hidden](/screenshots/nocomposer.png =100x20 )
- ![Sample Tweet](/screenshots/tweet.png =100x20 )
## Author
[Ying Dong](https://github.com/dongyingname)
--Currently a student of [Lighthouse Labs Web Dev BootCamp](https://lighthouselabs.ca/web-bootcamp)
--2 Month of Coding learning exprience

## License
Free.

Commit message:

Remove notes.txt which is a dead file. README.md: include command line into blocks.

README.md, after:


# Tweeter Project by [Ying Dong](https://github.com/dongyingname)

## This is a tiny web app that is build to have basic functionality of tweeter:
- Users can post new tweets.
- The page will dynamically generate the new tweets above the older tweets.
- Newly submitted tweets will be POST to the mongo data base through Ajax, which prevents reloading the page while the user still looks at the content.

## Dependencies
- node.js
- Express
- body-parser
- nodemon
- chance
- md5
- mongoDB
## Getting Started
- To run the web server run the following command in terminal:
```
$npm install to install all the dependencies.
```
```
$npm run local 
```
- To view the tweeter page go to http://localhost:8080/.

## Important:
- In order that the client properly access the mongoDB database the stored user data have to be separate objects which contain keys such as "_id", "user", and "content" and their values.

## Screenshots

![Tweeter Page with the Tweets Composer](./screenshots/composer.png)
![Tweeter Page with the Tweets Composer Hidden](./screenshots/nocomposer.png)
![Sample Tweet](./screenshots/tweet.png)
## Author
[Ying Dong](https://github.com/dongyingname)
--Currently a student of [Lighthouse Labs Web Dev BootCamp](https://lighthouselabs.ca/web-bootcamp)
--2 Month of Coding learning exprience

## License
Free.
